Cormorants Hello
Character good
It is the morning of the hospital mak 鍼灸
today
I would like to introduce the muscle training that can be done without putting a load on the knee joint
Everyone
2 knees or
Do you use muscle training as a prevention to prevent your knees from getting hurt
Most people think of squats first
It's squat, and if your knees hurt a lot
Because there is that gone too much of a burden to the joint become well hurt
Muscle training can be done without stressing joints
I would like to introduce one
Let's do it
First of all
You will sit on the floor in the survey
Is it such a feeling ?
Huh
It is the foot
Please give me 3 cm like this
Taniage up and down
Good
I think that is called a limited about 10 times I feel it 's
The slower you go, the higher the effect.
e 1
I think that a good pace is fine
This is where you train and it is the thigh
Do not burden the joints
In order to reduce the burden on a knee, you will also need the interest rate of Jiang that I have waited for now
Because
I am doing muscle training here as well
In this attitude
I raise my feet a little and open and close to the place I open
Do not drop it once
I lift my feet while I'm from the ground
It is about 5 centimeters or I still meet
We'll do that say up Close
Well I think this should be done about 10 times
It last is to
Hey I did you say very much with a fried or rain seat technique from where open open
Feeling that say
I will do about 10 times Now I do not put a burden on the joints Even knees
Joint
a
The thigh muscles needed to relieve stress
You can train yourself, so when you do it, you have to pay attention to the posture .
Just the right thing already
At a right angle
Please try to become like this-
Huh
It might be the best thing to put your back on the wall
If you say something, it would be nice if you could get addicted
Become a wind say more and more doing
This is where you become to do and as much as possible to the effect that will be halved this
In attitude
I think that I want you to do something to raise and lower firmly
If you did those, such as whether the Well full marathon by it is the goal marathon aims to finish
At first I think that you want to aim at being able to do about 100 times
Since the first is good even Toka 3 times were tough in the 10th floor 10th floor because it is quite hard
Straight
Agesage
Spread
And spread was three of guy to say I raised and lowered from the place
Well you're good at three times can be a continuous one by gradually and 10 times become accustomed gradually
It will be like if you do it well
a I think the pain in my head and knees will decrease
Hmm
We introduced a simple muscle training that can be done without burdening the above 4 the joints .
Please, try by all means be doing everyone's